{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24 Info:For more information please do not hesistate to contact me (name deleted)\par
\pard\keepn\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\lang2057\b\i\f1\fs28 General Information\lang1033\b0\i0\f0\fs24 Card \cf1\kerning24\f2\fs20 Walton \cf0\lang2057\kerning0\b\i\f1\fs28\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\lang1033\b0\i0\f0\fs24 1)\tab General Questions\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720 a)\tab Who is the Customer?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 b)\tab Who is the SAM/CSM for this Customer?\par
c)\tab Location code of Customer.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360 2)\tab Documentation\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720 a)\tab Computer Management Information (ICM is available in Service Center)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 b)\tab Is the source code of the application available\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx360\tx720 c)\tab Are there any manuals or instructions for this application\par
\pard\keepn\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\lang2057\b\i\f1\fs28 Business Requirements\par
\pard\keep\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\b0\i0\f0\fs24 The audience for this section must understand the business requirements, license agreement, cost, and other non-technical factors associated with the application. Business requirements for server applications are essential in every phase of delivering the application in a production environment. The final system architecture design for the application is heavily weighed on the data provided from the business requirements.  \par
The following questionnaire is designed to gather data about the application and business continuity requirements. Answers to the questions in this questionnaire can be provided entirely by the business unit or with assistance from the application vendor.\par
\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sa120\b\f1 Business Continuity Requirements Questionnaire\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx360\lang1033\b0\f0 1)\tab What is the primary function of this application?\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 2)\tab What are the requirements for application availability?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720\lang2057 a)\tab 24 hours a day, 7 days a week\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Prime time between 6:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M.\par
c)\tab Other\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx360\lang1033 3)\tab Please list the date of your business cycle (examples include: monthly closing, critical business process, and so forth).\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 4)\tab What is the cost of the application downtime?\par
5)\tab Is this a globally accessed application? If so, please list the locations.\par
6)\tab Does this application interact with other applications to provide the primary functions? If so, please provide the names of the other applications and interdependency interfaces.\par
\pard\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\b\i\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx360\b0\i0 7)\tab How many users will be using the application?\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 8)\tab How many sites will be using the application?\par
9)\tab What is the anticipated disk space usage for the application image and client data?\par
\pard\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\b\i\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx360\b0\i0 10)\tab Estimate future demand or growth for the following items:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720\lang2057 a)\tab Users \par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Disk space \par
c)\tab Sites \par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx360\lang1033 11)\tab What are the client\rquote s primary and secondary operating systems?\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\ri-180\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx360\expndtw-2 12)\tab Does the application require maintenance windows? If so, please provide the date and hour.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx360\expndtw0 13)\tab Who maintains the licensing agreement? Please provide the contract or contact name.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 14)\tab Please provide other business continuity requirements if they are not covered here.\par
\pard\keepn\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\lang2057\b\i\f1\fs28 Application Requirements\par
\pard\keep\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\b0\i0\f0\fs24 This section contains a technical questionnaire about the application. The audience for this section must have a thorough technical knowledge of the application and be able to work with other groups to design/integrate the application with the GI-D components. The questionnaire is intended for the application developer to complete. \par
Some questions in this questionnaire may not apply to a specific application and some questions are not included. It is impossible to compile a complete list of questions to cover all applications; therefore, we ask the application developer to complete all items and, if necessary, provide additional data that is not covered in this section. \par
\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sa120\b\f1 Application Requirements Questionnaire\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360\b0\f0 1)\tab Provide a brief description and the purpose of the application.  \par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0 2)\tab Identify the functions of the application. \par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab What does the application do?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Does this application interact with other systems or applications?\par
c)\tab Dependency with other systems or applications? If so, list all that apply.\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 3)\tab Product category\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab Tools and utilities\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Industry specific\par
c)\tab Data management and processing\par
d)\tab Business productivity and commerce\par
e)\tab Network infrastructure and communication\par
f)\tab GroupWare\par
g)\tab System management\par
h)\tab Other\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 4)\tab What type of application?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720\b a)\tab Simple application\b0  \endash  Application with few server components and few primary functions. Does not require interaction with other applications.  Examples include network anti-virus, disk defragmenter, and other simple network utilities.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\b b)\tab Standard application\b0  \endash  Most productivity and database-centred applications. Interacts with other systems and applications. Examples include Proxy server and IIS.\par
\b c)\tab Complex application\b0  \endash  Application operates in multiple components. Distributed database application, advanced accounting packages, expanded messaging, and extensive network management tools.  Examples include Exchange, SMS, and SQL\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 5)\tab Is this application part of the GI-D core components (backup, virus, and so forth)? If so, please list the application function and the team responsible for it.\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0 6)\tab What are the minimum system requirements for the application?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720\lang1036\b\i\f1\fs20 a)\tab CPU \endash  \par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\lang2057\f0\fs24 b)\tab Memory \par
c)\tab Disk space \endash  \par
d)\tab Network \endash  \par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360\b0\i0 7)\tab Identify areas of potential instability or known issues with beta releases.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\lang1033 8)\tab Web Extranet / Intranet:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720 a)\tab Do you have web server extranet requirements? \par
\pard\fi-360\li720 b)\tab Do you have other extranet requirements?\par
c)\tab Certificated required (verisign)?\par
d)\tab What is the current platform the website is hosted on?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720 e)\tab Will the site be available for Shell network users only or also for www users?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 f)\tab Do you want an Intranet Domain name?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720 g)\tab How many users will be / are using the website / applications hosted on the site?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 h)\tab Will the amount of users be growing in the future?\par
i)\tab How many accesses per day/week/month?\par
j)\tab Will the amount of accesses increase in the future and if so, by how many?\par
k)\tab Is/are the application(s) critical application(s)?\par
l)\tab Is ASP used?\par
m)\tab Is SMTP used?\par
n)\tab Are COM components used?\par
o)\tab What will be the effect if the application(s) is/are not available?\par
p)\tab Must the application(s) be available 24/7, or only during office hours?\par
q)\tab Is there already an ODBC connection in use within the current application?\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360 9)\tab Database\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720 a)\tab If so, does the database run on a different server?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 b)\tab How large is the current database?\par
c)\tab What is the type of database; sql/access/oracle/other if other please specify?\par
d)\tab Will the database grow in the future?\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx720\lang2057 e)\tab If so, what is the estimated growth of the database\f1\fs20 ?\f0\fs24\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 10)\tab Network:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab What bandwidth and latency is required?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab What impact will the application have on the network?\par
c)\tab List network protocols used by the application. If using TCP/IP protocol, then list all ports (TCP and UDP). \par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 11)\tab Windows 2000 specific:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab Does any component of the application include any kernel mode drivers?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Does any component of the application include drivers for hardware devices?\par
c)\tab Provide information for the following items:\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1080\tx1440 i)\tab Type of server \par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1080 ii)\tab Service pack\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 iii)\tab Services dependency\par
iv)\tab Hot fixes\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 12)\tab Installation:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab List all shared files (.dll files, for example).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Does the application leave any files or registry settings after an uninstall? If so, list all components.\par
c)\tab Does the application comply with Windows Installer? If so, list all *.msi files and the set-up file.\par
d)\tab List all registry entries that are created, modified, or inspected by the application.\par
e)\tab List types of installation:\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1080\tx1440 i)\tab Manually at the server \par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 ii)\tab Remote with automation\par
iii)\tab SMS or script\par
iv)\tab Other\f1\fs20  \par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360\f0\fs24 13)\tab Directory and Naming:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab Do the application server components place binding information in Active Directory (AD) for clients to bind?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Does the application use objects in the base schema?\par
c)\tab What is the recommended procedure to shut down, stop, or disable the application service on the server?\par
d)\tab What is the storage disk requirement for the AD objects?\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 14)\tab Security:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab Does the application require services with more than user level privileges to run? If so, explain what privileges or permissions are needed and why.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Identify the method the application used to provide single sign-on (name pipes, RPC, or DCOM).\par
c)\tab Does the application provide unauthenticated logon? If so, is there an option to disable it.\par
d)\tab Do the following items apply? If so, provide the requirement.\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1080 i)\tab File permissions \par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 ii)\tab Share permissions\par
iii)\tab User rights\par
iv)\tab Type of authentication\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1440\tx3600 (1)\tab Security built-in with application\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1440 (2)\tab Integrated with Windows security\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 15)\tab Management \emdash  identify the interface for the following items:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab Logging\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Alerting\par
c)\tab Monitoring\par
d)\tab MMC snap-in\par
e)\tab Local or remote console access to the application\par
\pard\keep\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\sl260\slmult0\tx360 16)\tab Optimisations and performance tuning \emdash  If any of these items apply, then provide a description:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 a)\tab Removal or modify network protocols\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 b)\tab Modify system services\par
c)\tab Modify virtual memory\par
d)\tab Modify server services:\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1080 i)\tab Minimise Memory Used\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 ii)\tab  Balance\par
iii)\tab Maximise Throughput for File Sharing\par
iv)\tab Maximise Throughput for Network Applications\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 e)\tab Modify Application Performance:\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1080\tx1418\tx12777 i)\tab None\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 ii)\tab Minimum\par
iii)\tab Maximum\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720 f)\tab Modify TCP/IP port and Window size\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 g)\tab I/O:\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx1080\tx1418\tx12777 i)\tab Caching\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0 ii)\tab Synchronous or asynchronous\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb60\sa60\sl260\slmult0\tx720\f1\fs20 h)\tab Other\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\lang1033\f0\fs24 17)\tab Provide additional data if the preceding questions do not cover the application requirements.\par
\pard\tx360\par
\pard\par
\par
}
 